Create ui-c8y-1023-90-0-backport-dynamic-widget-selection-by-extending-hook-component-12310.md (#4825)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-90-0-backport-dynamic-widget-selection-by-extending-hook-component-12310.md

---
date: ""
title: Dynamic widget selection now available through extended widget hook component
product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-66736
version: 1023.90.0
---

> The widget hook has been updated to support dynamic widget selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The widget hook component has been updated to support dynamic widget selection.
```

> This enhancement allows you to programmatically choose and load widgets based on different conditions and user preferences. For more info, see the widget hook component page in codex.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enhancement allows you to programmatically choose and load widgets based on different conditions and user preferences. For more details, see [Widget hook](https://cumulocity.com/codex/advanced-development/hooks/widget-hook/overview) in the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Codex.
```
